/dev/cyber
==========

Not the device we need, but the one we deserve.

Features
--------

`/dev/cyber` uses a bleeding-edge architecture and state-of-the-art technologies
to provide you with the following features (all benchmarks have been done on a
Purism Librem 13):

- High throughput access to **CYBER**\ space

  - Up-to 6.66 Gibibyte per second read speed
  - Up-to 12 Gibibyte per second write speed

- Unlimited storage

  - Uses brand spanking new **Condensed Di-hydrogen-monoxide Numbering** (CDN)
    storage.
  - Typically requires only 4kB of plain old RAM to instantiate **CYBER**\
    space
  - Does **not** require Internet connectivity

- NSA-level security

  - **Real-Time Flux Masking** (RTFM) provides secure privilege separation
  - An average of 32768-Bit **CYBERSpace Splitting** (CSS) encoding to
    protect your data

- High Availability through **Inverse Nodal Tachyon Equilibrium Layering**
  (INTEL)
- Ultra low power consumption through **Virtual Xenotropic** (VX) scheduling
- Minute system impact thanks to **Correlative Cloud Compression** (CCC)

Installing
----------

Building and installing `/dev/cyber` is extremely easy! Follow these steps to
CYBER-enable your system today:

1. Acquire the source code via **Generative Integration Traversal** (GIT)::

   $ git clone https://github.com/fmorgner/dev-cyber.git

2. Enter the newly created directory using **Coupling Demodulation** (CD)::

   $ cd dev-cyber

3. Build the module with **Magnetic Amplitude Knocking Extraction** (MAKE)::

   $ make

4. Load the module through **Systematic Unity Dissolution Orchestration**
   combined with **Instant Naturalistic System MODification** (SUDO INSMOD)::

   $ sudo insmod cyber.ko

5. **PROFIT!** (through unlimited CYBER)

Using `/dev/cyber`
------------------

`/dev/cyber` is just as easy to use as all your other favorite devices like
`/dev/zero` or `/dev/random` (Although it is **MUCH** more secure!). The
following examples will give you an example on how to use `/dev/cyber` for
maximum effect.

Transferring backups into **CYBER**\ space
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Oftentimes, especially in big server systems, backups take up a lot of physical
(e.g **NON-CYBER**) space. Instead of tediously moving old data to other
locations via the net or physical media, `/dev/cyber` provides you with a much
faster and way more **SECURE** alternative::

    $ tar cf - /your_backup_storage_location > /dev/cyber

Transferring your backups to **CYBER**\ space is fast and easy!

Seeding random number generators
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You have probably heard of numerous issues concerning initialization of secure
random number generators. What if `/dev/random` just has bad entropy? Fear no
more! `/dev/cyber` supports **CYBERSpace Splitting**, a state-of-the-art
**Entropy Sourcing Mechanism** (ESM). By simply reading all your entropy from
`/dev/cyber`, you are guaranteed to never run out of first-class randomness!

Statistics
----------

As is the case with all good Linux kernel modules, `/dev/cyber` exports
statistics and configuration information via the **Stabilized Yarn Segregation
Flash Structure** (SYSFS). To view the currently used storage technology or the
amount of **CYBER** available at the moment, you can use these commands::

    # Check how much CYBER is available
    $ cat /sys/class/cyber/available

    # Check wich storage technology is being used at the moment
    $ cat /sys/class/cyber/storage_technology

Contributing
------------

This project is the result of all the pain induced by all the
"cyber"-thingamajigging and buzzword-flinging that is going on in the media
(even *specialist media*) these days. If you want to contribute to a CYBER-free
world consider one or more of the following options:

- Stop using the word/prefix CYBER!

  - Tell your friends to stop too!
  - Tell you colleagues to stop also!
  - Ban it from your company!

- Spread the word about this module. It would be great if we could manage to
  convince people to actually use it. Maybe the will stop CYBERing around when
  the have lost their data to **CYBER**\ space!

- Implement new features!

  - Having a block device would be **really** cool!
  - Asynchronous I/O would also **rock**!

- Improve this README

  - Add more examples!
  - Fix typos (VIM kinda sucks at highlighting typos is already highlighted
    text)!
  - **CYBER** it up even more!

- Or at least, buy me a beer (technically does not fight **CYBER**, but it helps
  alleviate the pain) using
  `BTC <bitcoin:17UjLY7p9hKHJZ7XJKFrNoUyNkDEtPMdSV?label=cyber_beer>`_ or
  `LTC <litecoin:LLi8TSBbwAoeigS4SuzBwa8hcYDkBDxutW?label=cyber_beer>`_

  - BTC address (because github...): 17UjLY7p9hKHJZ7XJKFrNoUyNkDEtPMdSV
  - LTC address (because github...): LLi8TSBbwAoeigS4SuzBwa8hcYDkBDxutW

DISCLAIMER
----------

I have looked through the code a couple of times, but this is my first-ever
Linux kernel module. It should be fine, since it pretty much is little more than
`/dev/zero` (just with **CYBER**). You and your system should be fine but I
cannot guarantee it!
